docs: Updated documentation for Apollo and version updates (#119)
aws/amazon-neptune-for-graphql: doc/routesExample.md

# Air Routes Example: Starting from a Neptune database with data - v2.0.0

Amazon Neptune uses the Air Routes dataset in several Notebook tutorials. If you
don't have a Neptune database with the Air Routes data you can create a new
database, and follow one of the Notebook tutorials to seed it with the Air
Routes data.

Then, you can run the Neptune GraphQL Utility to create an AppSync GraphQL 
API or generate Apollo Server artifacts.

The command below generates an AppSync GraphQL API.

```
neptune-for-graphql \
  --input-graphdb-schema-neptune-endpoint <your-neptune-database-endpoint:port> \
  --create-update-aws-pipeline \
  --create-update-aws-pipeline-name AirRoutesExample
  --output-resolver-query-https
```

You can also run the Neptune GraphQL Utility to create an Apollo Server with the
command below.

```
neptune-for-graphql \
  --input-graphdb-schema-neptune-endpoint <your-neptune-database-endpoint:port> \
  --create-update-apollo-server \
  --output-resolver-query-https
```

> For both commands, the utility will log the graph database schema it finds, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The utility will log the graph database schema it finds, 
```

| AirRoutesExample.neptune.schema.json   | the graph schema it discovered       |
| AirRoutesExample-resources.json        | the list of AWS Resources it created |

For the **Apollo Server**, the utility creates the files below while naming
them based on the name of your Neptune database. For example, if the
Neptune database name was `air-routes-example`:

| *file*                                   | *description*                        |
|------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------|

> | air-routes-example.zip                   | the Apollo Server zip file           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| apollo-server-air-routes-example-<timestamp>.zip                   | the Apollo Server zip file           |
```

| AirRoutesExample.neptune.schema.json   | the graph schema it discovered       |
| AirRoutesExample-resources.json        | the list of AWS Resources it created |

For the **Apollo Server**, the utility creates the files below while naming
them based on the name of your Neptune database. For example, if the
Neptune database name was `air-routes-example`:

| *file*                                   | *description*                        |
|------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------|
| air-routes-example.zip                   | the Apollo Server zip file           |
| air-routes-example.source.schema.graphql | the GraphQL schema with directives   |
| air-routes-example.schema.graphql        | the GraphQL schema                   |
| air-routes-example.resolver.graphql.js   | the JavaScript resolver              |
| air-routes-example.neptune.schema.json   | the graph schema it discovered       |

## The graph schema it discovered

> Below is the content of the file, AirRoutesExample.neptune.schema.json / air-
> routes-example.neptune.schema.json. The files contain nodes, edges, properties, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is the content of the file, `AirRoutesExample.neptune.schema.json` (or `air-
routes-example.neptune.schema.json` for Apollo Server). The file contains nodes, edges, properties, 
```

![AppSync Queries UI](https://github.com/aws/amazon-neptune-for-graphql/blob/main/doc/images/AppSyncQuery.png)

## Using the new GraphQL API from the Apollo Server

> Below is a snapshot of the Apollo Server Queries console used to test our new GraphQL
> API. On the right, the Documentation window shows you the queries and mutations. 
> You can then pick a query, the input parameters and the return fields.
> 
> The GraphQL query formed follows the same pattern as the AppSync GraphQL query above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you had opted to use Apollo Server instead of App Sync with the `--create-update-apollo-server` option, you will need to execute the following steps to start the Apollo Server and access the Queries console:

1. unzip apollo-server-<identifier>-<timestamp>.zip
2. change directory into the unzipped folder
3. execute `npm install` to install required dependencies
4. execute `node index.mjs` to start the Apollo Server
5. access the graphQL application in a browser by visiting http://localhost:4000/

Below is a snapshot of the Apollo Server Queries console used to test our new GraphQL
API. On the right, the Documentation window shows you the queries and mutations. 
You can then pick a query, the input parameters and the return fields.

The GraphQL query formed follows the same pattern as the AppSync GraphQL query above.
```

> ![Apollo Queries UI](https://github.com/aws/amazon-neptune-for-graphql/blob/main/doc/images/ApolloQuery.png)

Reviewer: You should be able to use a relative path to the image so that it will load no matter what branch you are on: https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax#relative-links

Right now the image doesn't load for this PR because the absolute path is pointing to master branch which does not yet have the image file.

Reviewer: I'll leave that up to you, but minimally the images you have added should be relative.
